privacy policy

1. Terms and definitions

The parties use the following terms in the following meaning:

1.1. The website of the Licensor (Site) is a website located on the Internet at ___________. The site includes interface, software, Giveaway application and other elements necessary for proper functioning. All rights to the Site and the elements included in it belong to the Licensor in full. None of the provisions of this Policy may be interpreted as the transfer (alienation) of exclusive rights to the Licensee's System.

1.2. All exclusive rights to the Site and its individual elements (including software, design) belong to the Licensor in full. The transfer of exclusive rights to Licensee is not subject to this Privacy Policy.

1.3. The subject of personal data is an individual to whom personal data refers.

1.4. Legislation - current legislation of the Russian Federation.

1.5. Data - other data about the User (not included in the concept of personal data) or data entered (used) by the Licensee on the Site.

1.6. Service (s) - services provided by the Operator on the basis of the License Agreement and other agreements (contracts).

1.7. The User is the Personal Data Entity who entered into a contractual relationship with the Licensor.

1.8. The operator - IP Olar Pavel Nikolaevich, independently or jointly with other persons organizing and (or) carrying out the processing of personal data, as well as determining the purposes of processing personal data, the composition of personal data subject to processing, the actions (operations) performed with personal data.

1.9. Personal data - any information related to a directly or indirectly defined or determined by a natural or legal person (the User).

1.10. Automated processing of personal data - processing of personal data by means of computer facilities.

1.11. Blocking of personal data - temporary termination of processing of Personal Data (except for cases when processing is necessary for specification of Personal Data).

1.12. Access to personal data is the familiarization of certain persons with Personal data processed by the Operator, provided that the confidentiality of this information is maintained.

1.13. Information system of personal data - a set of personal data contained in databases and providing them with processing of information technologies and technical means.

1.14. Confidentiality of personal data - the duty of persons who have access to Personal Data to not disclose to third parties or disseminate Personal Data without the consent of the Personal Data Subject, unless otherwise provided by federal law.

1.15. Undeclared (undocumented) software features are the functionality of software not described or not corresponding to those described in the documentation, the use of which may compromise the security characteristics of the protected information.

1.16. Personal data processing - any action (operation) or a set of actions (operations) performed with or without the use of automation tools with Personal data, including collection, recording, systematization, accumulation, storage, updating (updating, modification), extraction , use, transfer (distribution, provision, access), depersonalization, blocking, removal, destruction of Personal Data.

1.17. Provision of personal data - actions aimed at disclosing Personal Data to a specific person or a certain circle of persons.

1.18. Special categories of personal data - Personal data relating to race, nationality, political views, religious or philosophical beliefs, health status, intimate life.

1.19. Destruction of personal data - actions, as a result of which it is impossible to restore the content of Personal Data in the Personal Data Information System and (or) as a result of which material data carriers of personal data are destroyed.

1.20. Cross-border transfer of personal data - the transfer of personal data to the territory of a foreign state to the authority of a foreign state, to a foreign individual or to a foreign legal entity.

2. General Provisions

2.1. This Policy regarding the processing of personal data is developed in accordance with the provisions of Federal Law No. 152-FZ of July 27, 2006 "On Personal Data" (with amendments and additions), other legislative and regulatory legal acts, and determines the procedure for working with the Personal Data of Users and ( or) Subjects of transmitted personal data and requirements for ensuring their security, as well as the procedure for working with other data used by Users through the Site (including data entered on the Site s personal page, users in social networks).

2.2. Activities to ensure the security of personal data are an integral part of the Operator.

2.3. Contractual relations between the Operator and the User are governed by the License Agreement.

3. Principles of Processing of Personal Data

3.1. The processing of Personal Data by the Operator is carried out in accordance with the following principles:

3.1.1. Legality and fair basis for the processing of Personal Data. The operator takes all necessary measures to comply with the requirements of the Legislation, does not process Personal Data in cases where this is not allowed by the Legislation, does not use Personal Data to the detriment of the User.

3.1.2. Processing only those Personal Data that meet the previously announced objectives of their processing. Correspondence of the content and amount of processed Personal Data to the stated processing objectives. Preventing the processing of Personal Data that is incompatible with the purposes of collecting Personal Data, as well as redundant in relation to the stated purposes of their processing.

The operator processes the Personal Data solely for the purpose of fulfilling the contractual obligations to the User.

The operator processes data entered on the Site by Users from the User's personal pages in social networks.

3.1.3. Ensuring the accuracy, adequacy and relevance of Personal Data in relation to the purposes of processing Personal Data. The operator takes all reasonable measures to maintain the relevance of the processed Personal Data, including (but not limited to) the implementation of the right of each Entity to obtain for review their Personal Data and to require the Operator to clarify, block or destroy them if the Personal Data is incomplete, outdated, inaccurate , illegally obtained or are not necessary for the above-stated processing purposes.

3.1.4. The storage of Personal Data in a form that allows the User to identify personal data is no longer than the purpose of processing Personal Data, unless the period of storage of Personal Data is established by federal law, a contract to which the User of the Personal Data is a party or beneficiary.

4. Conditions for Processing Personal Information

4.1. Processing of Personal Data by the Operator is allowed in the following cases:

4.1.1. If the User has the consent to process his Personal Data.

4.1.2. When transferring the Personal Data of the Personal Data Subject by the User. The user guarantees that he has previously obtained consent from the subject for data transmission to the Operator.

4.1.3. Personal data are subject to publication or mandatory disclosure in accordance with the Legislation.

4.2. The Operator shall not disclose to third parties or distribute Personal Data without the consent of the User, unless otherwise provided by the Legislation.

4.3. The operator does not process Personal data relating to special categories relating to race and nationality, political views, religious or philosophical beliefs, health status, the intimate life of the Personal Data Entity, or the membership of the Personal Data Entity in public associations.

4.4. The Operator does not take decisions that give rise to legal consequences with respect to the User or otherwise affect the rights and legitimate interests of Users, based solely on the automated processing of Personal Data. Data having legal consequences or affecting the rights and legitimate interests of Users before being used shall be subject to verification by authorized Operator employees.

5. Collection and processing of Personal Data and Other Data

5.1. The operator collects and stores only those Personal Data / Data that are necessary for the provision of the Services and interaction with the User.

5.2. Personal data can be used for the following purposes:

5.2.1. Provision of Services to the User.

5.2.2. User identification.

5.2.3. Interaction with the User.

5.2.4. Conducting statistical and other research.

5.3. The Operator undertakes to use Personal Data in accordance with the Federal Law "On Personal Data" No. 152-FZ of July 27, 2006 and the Operator's internal documents.

5.4. In respect of Personal Data and other User Data, their confidentiality is preserved, except when these data are publicly available.

5.5. The operator performs the automated processing of Personal Data and other Data.

5.6. Access to the Information Systems containing Personal Data is provided by the password system. Passwords are set by authorized Operator employees and are individually communicated to Operator employees who have access to Personal Data / Data.

6. Change of Personal Data

6.1. The user has the right at any time to delete Personal Data / Data.

7. Confidentiality of Personal Information

7.1. The operator ensures the confidentiality of personal data / data processed by him in accordance with the procedure provided for by the Legislation.

8. Consent of the User to the processing of Personal Information

8.1. The User makes a decision to provide his Personal Data to the Operator and agrees to their processing freely, by his own will and in his interest. Consent to the processing of Personal Data must be specific, informed and conscious and provided by the User at the time of its Registration on the Operator's Website, as well as in any form that allows to confirm its receipt, unless otherwise provided by the Legislation.

8.2. Personal data of persons entered into contractual obligations with the Operator, contained in unified state registers of legal entities and individual entrepreneurs, are public and public, with the exception of information on the number, date of issue and the body that issued the identity document of the individual. Protection of their confidentiality and the consent of Users for processing is not required.

8.3. In the case of requests from organizations that do not have the appropriate authority, the Operator must obtain the User's prior consent for the provision of his Personal Data and warn those who receive Personal Data that these data can only be used for the purposes for which they are communicated and also require these individuals to confirm that this rule will (was) observed.

9. Rights of Subjects of Personal Data

9.1. The user has the right to receive information regarding the processing of his Personal Data / Data. The User has the right to require the Operator to verify his Personal Data, blocking or destroying it in the event that the Personal Data is incomplete, outdated, inaccurate, illegally obtained or not necessary for the stated purpose of processing, and to take legal measures to protect its rights.

9.2. If the User considers that the Operator processes his Personal Data in violation of the requirements of the Legislation or otherwise violates his rights and freedoms, the User has the right to appeal against the actions or inaction of the Operator in the authorized body for the protection of the rights of subjects of Personal Data or in court.

9.3. The user has the right to protect his rights and legitimate interests, including compensation for damages and (or) compensation for moral harm in the courts.

10. Other provisions

10.1. To this Policy and the relationship between the User and the Operator arising in connection with the application of the Policy, the law of the Russian Federation shall apply.

10.2. All possible disputes are subject to resolution in accordance with the Legislation at the place of registration of the Operator.

Before applying to the court, the User must observe the mandatory pre-trial order and send the relevant claim to the Operator in writing. The period for responding to a claim is 30 (thirty) working days.

10.3. If, for one reason or another, one or more of the provisions of the Policy are found to be invalid or unenforceable, this does not affect the validity or applicability of the remaining provisions of the Privacy Policy.

10.4. The Operator has the right to change this Policy at any time (in whole or in part) unilaterally without prior agreement with the User. All changes take effect the next day after posting on the Site.

10.5. The User undertakes to independently monitor the changes in the Privacy Policy by reviewing the current version.